and well come on one more topic tonight and I'm
leaving okay he's telling me here
that plex has responded to the controversy
What controversy friend plex is being
canceled for this tiktok where someone
at the airport asks for likes to go to
his house FX How many likes and you invite me to
the Epic House to the Epic House
enpc what no thanks Ah at least
I show you the car that I'll take it with a
million Goodbye Okay thanks It's a joke
in the end he said about a million it's a
joke let's go also what I'm telling you that
this on tikto is going to be fulfilled
look look it's already
757,000 how long are we
talking about in Tito where does it say in Tito
where does it say the date dude in Tito he never
puts the date of where the
videos are uploaded no Let's see it's a joke he made it
like the joke not from Ah ah I don't want to
invite you no I'm not answering you but then in the
end he said a million Goodbye okay he's going to
get it also How many days can
this take he's going to get it also I'll
also tell you one  thing eh the thing about
houses whether it's a YouTube house or
whatever it is I'm not telling you that he's
going to invite him And the thing is that he put her in
the compromise it's from yesterday he tells me Luar let's
see he put him in the compromise he didn't
tell her he didn't act like the joke
Not here eating a sandwich ignoring him and
all But in the end he said a million
okay
M it's like you shouldn't even want to go
to anyone's house dude you know the houses
no dude I don't know you know but well it's a
YouTuber's house he's a kid neither will there be there are
many times when they are not
aware the other day Gref for example
also had an episode no where
people showed up at the door of the
house and they were asking him for photos and all that
no I think it was precisely with
Plex because Plex was in the house
eh Anyway let's see what Plex said
79 days traveling the world Ah ple it
ends right now Well I think he's going to El
Hormiguero this week I don't know what day he goes
El Hormiguero but I don't know what day he goes I don't
know if it will be tomorrow or even uh the day after tomorrow
and it ends in
a  ends in a party Well I think it
ends this weekend what happens is
that it was extended 5 days because I don't know what
but it ends right now we arrived after
a flight from Helsinki or wherever the hell it
was from Italy or I don't know where from Rome
exhausted to Barcelona we arrived in
Barcelona after 79 days of
Spanish travel exhausted well all dry 12 at
night after all day
recording all day traveling we arrived and there's
a very nice guy By the way The
guy like I have nothing
against the guy okay but okay there was
a guy that I don't know how he
found out that we were arriving in
Barcelona that day not even I
knew that we were arriving in Barcelona that day
well The guy knew it too and we
got there well with The guy
very Cool Nice such we were recording with
him jopa gave him his cap eh after
being easily 10 minutes and there with The
guy eh chilling and such eh Because the
truth is that we liked each other and we know
that we are as we are with everyone I'll
see each other If we ever  Have you seen us
on the street, you asked us for a photo,
that's what I say? The kid, how did he know that
this one was at the airport? How can he
know that? You know that we are
normal kids with you, eh? Let's see, Around the
World in 80 Days, I understand that it's not going to be
absolutely live, I imagine
that due to editing issues, it will take at least
one day, which will be more or less the
same as what we will do when
I am in Thailand, we are aware that I am
10 days away, we are aware that
I am only 10 days away, we have
assumed that. I ask. There are days that it is on the
same day, but how complicated, right?
So how complicated, let's see, I
understand that when I am in Thailand it
will be a day late, I imagine not. I
mean, I will send it to him, I don't know the
schedules yet, I don't have the schedules
very well, very well assimilated, how
the schedules will be, let's see, I understand that
now what time is it now in
Thailand, right now in Thailand it is
9 in the morning. It is earlier, it is earlier, that
here they are a few hours earlier
than here, well, if it is 9  in the morning let's
see if I'm not mistaken I understand that
the night before the night before I
sent the video to these people let's say
the night before is about 10 hours
before of course I understand that these people
are almost up to date because they are almost up to date
really Let's see not up to date
obviously but of course H I will send them
the videos when I go to bed and
for the Editors it is noon so
most likely at
night at the time that you are
used to there being live at
night you will have the episode what happens is that I do
understand that it will be
delayed in real life in the sense that
I believe that of everything that I
record each day there will not be just one
episode I understand that
several episodes will be released from everything that is recorded
during the day but I cannot know I
have no idea I take I eat a
ham sandwich I am already leaving after
being there already all exhausted there with El
chaval for a while and I am leaving and I
listen Hey plex one last thing I turn around
like this the shawl puts on me  mobile like this How many
likes and you invite me to your house How many
likes and you invite me to the Epic
House npc
n It's good, the
cadillo No
thanks, show us the car you
bought no or
something I'll take like a nolex a million
goodbye and of course I stayed like that for a bit
because he caught me eating the ham like that but he's
with the same clothes still
back that I had without trying the ham
Since I left home and and of course I'm joking
whoever knows me knows that I
did it for humor in fact there were a lot of
people who posted it I stayed quiet like
eating the sandwich and until then at the
end of like a minute minute without
answering just eating the
sandwich I told him a million likes Well of
course it seems that it got confusing because I didn't
answer the boy and well that there has
been controversy on tiktok we already know
how tiktok viral has like 600000
likes in one day commotion if I answer yes yes
no But what I want
people to understand is worth it here we have to divide
two things the first
and also have  to think that it's my house like what's up with me
recording you and telling you
How many likes to go to your house but it
's my house like you can't
force me to invite everyone to
my house because if I tell the kid
yes the new trend is going to be
Hey how many likes for your house How many
likes for your house and obviously because
maybe one comes comes one comes
this one who has reached a million No maybe
one won't mind
inviting him one day come comes come
a follower comes to the house who has
reached a million likes come on you
know but of course This is already going away
this is going to be several it's not going to be
accepted anymore obviously okay
this one has told him the million but
I'm telling you that this Now
several are going to serve it and now when several do it
and he doesn't answer
Eh well they'll try to denounce it for sure
100% of my house is the only place the
only place where I rest a
little so that's why it caught me a
little bit I hope because I was so
calm with my sandwich  of ham after
79 days without eating ham and burst
12 at night Barcelona traveling and they
ask you that question and it's a bit of the
reaction of what what So that on the one
hand and then the people who know me
know that I simply did it for humor I
don't understand so much controversy that there is
on tiktok that people I know that they
do it to screw around like the
comments that are are people who
simply do it to screw around But well I
wanted to want to comment on it because
surely the person who comments something
a minute later has forgotten that they have
commented you know like I think that is it
yes it is a pc plan you know I think let's
go I think there were a lot of kids
too because it's not normal I mean
well people don't see it either but the
truth is that we were with The kid I'm
going to talk to Paconi in case but of
course Paconi is around there I was going to
talk to him about Fran's award
when I left but they told me that he
doesn't live in Madrid Paconi told me that
Paconi didn't live in Madrid I was going to
talk to him in case he wanted to give me the trophy it's
if I only  I take
Fran we send all Greetings Also it
was just to take a picture to leave And the truth is that
I also deal with a lot of famous people
and precisely to tell you like u
look like I have uploaded but the
kid stands at the airport to
wait for all the youtubers
pure how many likes do you buy me the Play
with a photo even if it's just a
photo with the nonsense of the with the
nonsense of the like How many likes if you
buy me the Play 5 What are you saying bro with
the nonsense of the l who is
asking people to see gref
let's see gref what
gref asks him How many likes do you give me a ride in
your tesla none I don't like tiktok
but if you want I'll give you a hug man
okay come on let's give me a hug
man [ __ ] at 7 in the morning already with
the tiktok I [ __ ] on my Moors gref
is always nice right with people
when they stop him he is always nice
right another Look there is
who to forgive is gemita at 7 in the
morning ha  caught gref
host it's for tiktok and for
YouTube sorry
eh It's just that it was hard for me to recognize you And that
Oh
well Hey you're gemita look I
just saw you and the truth is I didn't even
know you But anyway I'm asking for a pic and
a photo because I'm the little guy but come on there's
no more episode of this guy at
the airport The truth is that I
was having a good time the truth is that I
was liking the series it's been
great this eh it's been great this
eh I don't know what it is that completely contrary or rather
zero of course of course the comments
were like an idol fell for me it's gotten on my nerves it's gotten on
my nerves what it's gotten on
my nerves that he's been
out there for 79 days I arrive in Spain I play Only
Spanish and the first thing they ask me is to
come to my house well man Well it's normal
that I get carried away but But but well no let's
see The kid likes me I mean there's
nothing against the kid in fact The
kid if he reaches a million Well he'll have to
come to my house because what is
said  it's done if not then I would have
shut my mouth and that's it But anyway I've already
said it I'll do it if it comes
But anyway guys please Don't
get into the trend of asking to come to my
house because I'm going to go crazy
but it's funny because this kid
has seen me a ton of your videos like
wait People come to spursito asked him for
a Play It was really funny I saw spursito
say How many likes if you buy me a Play
5 and expus no you haven't gotten much
titto of his because he doesn't have much titto let's
see but if I literally already took out
the page here I mean many t haven't been
able to come out [ __ ] but this guy
from gr has 1.300000 you 1 million 300000 let's
see Many haven't been able to come out You must have
gone to see it and you must have gone
to see what he does he said something
like Play 5 If I don't even have it
dude yeah he also said something to greb he
asked him for a hug but anyway he simply
wanted  to emphasize that take advantage of this
chat to say it that that's it they
're asking us something like If
Netflix Amazon Prime came I don't know and
asked us to buy the trip around the world
for its platform would you sell it or
not What's the question or rather what's the
answer let's see no honestly honestly
Adril go away It depends
I think but more is that you have to
answer this I
am clear I mean I wouldn't
look at the money unless they
offer me 100 million you know if they
offer me 100 million then no but I
would look at whether if they come in
the content is going to improve or not If you
tell me that Netflix is going to come in and
Obviously if Netflix comes in it will get on
Netflix let's say eh if Netflix is going to come in
and the series that they are going to make
about the trip around the world is going to be much
worse I would never do it now Netflix comes in
and says Look we're going to get you to
do more cool things in the destinations
eh the videos and everything are going to be better
and the content is going to improve I think
I believe Of course they would do it well
people
[Music]
and